Usage
***************************

.. include:: replace.txt
.. highlight:: cpp

.. heading hierarchy:
   ------------- Chapter
   ************* Section (#.#)
   ============= Subsection (#.#.#)
   ############# Paragraph (no number)

Overview
========

This section provides overviews of some of the example programs, and describes
how parameters can be controlled and changed, and what output is produced.

Several examples are provided.

spatial-reuse.cc
================

Placeholder to document the spatial-reuse.cc script.

Attributes
##########

Output
######

Examples
########

Utilities and Supporting Scripts
================================

spatial-reuse-functions.sh
##########################

This is a collection of bash script helper functions.

spatial-reuse-positions.plt
##########################

This is a gnuplot script that produces a node positions plot.  
This script has been tested with gnuplot Version 5.0 patchlevel 3. 
Note that other versions of gnuplot may give different results, or fail
to generate plots, due to changing gnuplot parameters and/or features.  
For example, it is noted that gnuplot linestyles are particularly sensitive
to the version of gnuplot used.

ecdf2.py
########

This is a Python program that post-processes simulation results and produces
an Empirical Cumulative Distribution Function (ECDF) plot from a data file.  
The ECDF is plotted using gnuplot.

Bash scripts
============

Here will be documented various bash shell scripts used to execute 
simulations and validate results.

These scripts are found in the module's `/scripts/` folder.

run-scenarios.sh
################

This script runs several scenarios.

TBD

run-spatial-reuse-scenarios.sh
##############################

This script runs several spatial reuse scenarios that are used for this documentation.

TBD

calibration-scenarios.sh
########################

This script runs several scenarios used for calibration.

TBD

calibration-box5.sh
###################

This script runs several scenarios used for calibration using the Box5 node positions..

TBD

plot.sh
#######

This script generates plots from the results that are generated by the
run-spatial-reuse-scenarios.sh script.  A set of plots is generated for each
scenario that was executed.  These plots are used within this documentation.

TBD

plot-combined.sh
################

This script generates additional plots from the results that are generated by the
run-spatial-reuse-scenarios.sh script.  These plots are specific plots that
combine two or more scenarios into a single plot.  These plots are 
used within this documentation.

TBD

copy-plots-to-doc-figures.sh
############################

This script copies the plots that are referenced in this documentation and 
that are generated by the plot.sh and plot-combined.sh scripts.  The plots
are copied from the location into which there are generated, and into the
location where the documentation needs the figures, in order for the documentation
generation process to complete.

TBD

